Hey... Mr. Almighty?
You went down way too easily.
Damn it, why do you think I brought you along?
He was pretty overconfident about being the mightiest Fire Soldier,
but this is what it means to be an overly naive animal.
What did you do?
Do you see anyone dumb enough to answer that?
Why, you... You dosed me with something, huh?
Impossible! That poison is immediately fatal to even large animals...
A blowgun. This is how he poisoned you.
So how come you're all right?
Hell if I know. What doesn't affect me doesn't affect me.
...You really are Mr. Almighty, huh?
...Circle around them! ...Don't let them through! ...You really are Mr. Almighty, huh?
...Go call for more men! ...This is bad! ...Shut up. Let's get going.
Yeah, yeah.
"Beni-J"
Everything I've had, I've lost,
but I won't let go of this remaining spark
No, I won't let it go, not ever
Though there may be no right answers in my ill-defined tale,
once I'm able to step forward...
They say something's wrong with me, but I'll do something with them
I'm not even sure what I'm supposed to be
But if my dreams have resolved themselves to be by your side
then there's nothing left for me to doubt anymore
Sparks fly as things kick off
until "black and white" turns to ashen gray
If there's a choice crown to be had
I want it, I want it I'll whizz my way toward you
until "double or nothing" gets zeroed out
If the clowns are melancholy
then nothing will get anywhere
I'll show you a love that burns hot enough to scorch ashes
I just spark again
"Episode 12: Shadows Cast by Divine Light"
Damn it, how did it come to this?
Don't let them near the church!
Tch, buzz off, will you?
Do you know what's going to happen if you do this?!
I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.
The Destroyer God has gone mad!
Give me a break with that "god" business. I'm just a simple...
...wild child.
♬ Down fall the tonsure-heads, ♬
♬ falling down like rain ♬
♬ Followers of Holy Sol, ♬
♬ Arriving empty-handed for a raid is so much fun ♬
It's positively deserted in here.
They're in the Nether.
The Nether? I thought the Nether was anathema to the Holy Sol Temple.
They forbid it because they don't want it to be seen.
The truth is, they love the Nether.
Hmm?
Down here.
Hey, what's wrong? Let's go.
How do you know all of this?
Because yours truly also loves the dark.
I think it's time for some answers.
Who the hell are you?
I was content enough to come this far with you,
but depending on how you answer, I might have to put you down next.
I'm not much for talking about the past. Does it really matter?
Hey, this isn't an empty threat.
I used to be in this church, a long time ago.
That's not so unusual, is it?
Hold on... More questions?
I'm surprised the demolishing king of Asakusa is so interested in others.
Then, did you...
...used to cut your hair like that?
No, I didn't! I worked more in the shadows, after all!
The shadows?
You'll see it for yourself soon enough.
Now let's find the scriptures we're after before someone comes to stop us.
So they have this down in the Nether?
It's a facility that uses old ruins that were already in the Nether.
So what the hell are they planning down here?
Hey, now. You're a proto-nationalist; don't be afraid of the Nether.
What's that?
They're here.
The Holy Sol's Shadows.
My old haunt.
You were a member of this bunch?
Yeah, well...
The Holy Sol's Shadows... the Holy Sol Temple's secret assassination team.
Such a stale crowd.
This holy ground is no place for profane masses like you to set foot in.
How unwelcoming. I just wanted to say "I'm home."
What?
Does the name "52" mean anything to you?
Hmm? You don't mean you're...?
Yes, I am.
We are the children of the Sun.
We devote our lives to and live in the shadows.
Látom.
...Látom. ...Látom.
Damn it!
I-I give!
That will do. Stand down, 52.
He's good.
He's still just a kid, too.
That was amazing, 52.
It was no big deal.
I'll take you on this time.
You don't need to hold back. Come at me.
Commander, 52 isn't up to pairing off with you yet...
Come at me.
There is nothing special about you.
We are all orphans of the Sun here, taken in by God.
Whenever I see kids like you, who think they're something special,
I can't just let matters sit.
Make no mistake, kid.
...Scum does not press its luck. And you are scum.
...That's enough, sir... ...Scum does not press its luck. And you are scum.
You know that, right? The lowest form of irredeemable scum
ever to spring from anyone's loins.
You can't do anything. Make no mistake.
Please stop, sir! You'll kill him!
Don't be so naive as to think that everyone is special in their own way.
People are not individuals; they are a group. A collective.
Remember that.
Everyone... is different... which means they're special...
...is such an obvious and crappy idea that I never thought it...
I just... want to get stronger...
Why... does the world suck as much as it does?
I want to get strong enough... to find out why.
Even just a little stronger than everyone else,
so I can get rid of any bastard that gets in my way.
What is wrong with this world? Why does it suck as much as it does?
This watch was left in the same place where I was abandoned.
This watch is the only thing that connects me to the world.
That watch again?
You said this watch was a keepsake from your parents, right?
Our only parent is Sol.
You don't have any family.
It appears you require further correction.
Report to my room tonight.
I'm not through with you yet. Stand up straight.
For the nation and the Holy Sol Temple to be strong and beautiful,
pariahs such as ourselves are required.
I will defile you right down to the bone.
The demon Infernal took the baby, Sho Kusakabe, and fled.
Find it and kill it.
Yes, sir.
Commander, it's 52!
The Holy Sol's Shadows are off-balance today because of the demon Infernal.
If I let this chance pass, I'll never be free.
My left eye...! Right now, Burns must be...
The Sun offers its light to all men equally, right?
Then please, let me have its light, too...
Dad!
There's a boy about my age lying on the ground outside the house!
Huh?
Let me help you out somehow to thank you.
Your cleaning, your shopping, anything.
There's no need for that. Don't you worry.
You can wear these.
Huh?
I'm handing them down to you.
Thanks.
All right, I got everything on here.
For the first time, I realized the position I was in.
No matter where I went, I would always be a stranger to the light.
52 had already moved on.
Did you eliminate the family?
Yes, sir.
He has left the collective.
From here on, he is alone. A single individual.
He will never walk the path of humanity again.
This world sucks.
Over and over, and over, and over, you taught me that.
That's why I want to know the truth of this world.
You get lonely being by yourself, you little pup?
You two will never again see the light of the Sun.
Kiss my ass.
I'll take the commander.
You can have the rest.
Huh? We aren't each taking half?
Every one of them is awfully tough.
In that case, this sounds like it's going to be quite a challenge.
Go!
Your breathing...
...is that of those who are earnestly out for my life. However,
I'm just here for a good fight.
Here. Catch.
Don't whine to me over a lousy arm.
Is killing me the only thing you're thinking about?
Iai Chop, Form One: Fire Moon!
Apparently, you value your own lives as little as you do your opponents' lives.
You haven't changed one bit.
Whoa!
I guess it's no surprise you look the same with that mask on.
You could have just stayed cowering in hiding forever.
I wanted to play a game with someone.
Join me for a hand.
Hmm, I've avoided your zigzag sword itself,
but the disruptions in air currents caused by the erratically-moving blades
make the motion of the flames released by them impossible to read.
"Zigzag La Bamba Bomber"
Zigzag La Bamba Bomber!
I'm not going to make this easy on you.
You loser.
I'm going to keep torturing you until you use up all your cards.
Or would you rather back out of the game, instead?
Game hell, you idiot. You know I didn't come here to play.
You're the one who said it.
This is a deathmatch.
The lone wolf driven from the pack
has been sharpening his fangs to claim the head of the hated alpha.
I am always alone.
52... With a deck of 52 cards, I will take your life.
Keep counting until your life is at an end!
How many hands are left now?!
Those of us in the collective have the strength of unity.
Even though we may split up, we will always return to become one again.
The individual simply falls where he stands.
You are the one who should be counting, 52.
How many cards left before your life is at an end?
You've lost more of your cards, 52.
It looks as though you only have a few cards remaining.
You may have thought you left the group to obtain freedom,
but you are just a weakling, who could not live among our collective.
Once a loser, always a loser.
And a loser that leaves the collective can never achieve victory.
I am the one who trained you. I know everything up your sleeve.
How many cards left now?
Two of them.
When you've used your last card, I will finish you off.
How does it feel to know that certain death is approaching?
You've lost your final card. Time to kill you.
♬ I'm a midnight thinker ♬
♬ I'm a smoker ♬
♬ I'm a joker ♬
What's the matter? Why?
Why did you think I was all alone?
Answer that, you piece of crap!
This smoke from these leaves has a psychedelic effect.
I made friends with someone who was good at making some pretty nasty stuff.
It doesn't affect my plus-one here, so I felt free to use it.
How long has...
What's the matter? Go ahead and make yourself whole again.
You always become one again after splitting up, don't you?
52, you rotten...!
I don't have just 52 cards anymore.
I can't afford to use my trump card on a loser who only hangs with his pack.
Isn't that right? Not if I'm going to defeat you.
"To be continued"
Most incidences have their own name
But no one knows and I'm upside down
Billions of people exist
But not anybody tells me what that is
Sacrificing my limited life Am I moving forward or not
I just want to believe Nothing goes to waste
I question myself Why I can't be who I want to be
tangled and translucent It drains me
Pretending and overextending myself
Wish one day I could love pathetic myself
Hoping for a dazzling future to come
Don't over decorate smile clumsily
Just live life the way I am This world is cruel
Can't choose how to be born
Stick up the middle finger then
Let's shoot off to the other side
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
Captain Burns of the 1st arrives out of nowhere.
But Joker seems to have already known he was there.
What truth about their relationship will now be revealed?
I'm curious, as well.
The clues to what you want to know are right here.
"Episode 13: A Pair of One-Eyes"
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 13, "A Pair of One-Eyes."
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Subtitles Diego Moraes(oakislandtk) www.opensubtitles.org